UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to . Commission File Number: (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) ( ) (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No ☒ shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of July 18, 2025 . Apple Inc. Form 10-Q For the Fiscal Quarter Ended June 28, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I — FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements Apple Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 1 Apple Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) (In millions) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 2 Apple Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 3 Apple Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Unaudited) (In millions, except per-share amounts) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 4 Apple Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In millions) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 5 Apple Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 1 – Note 2 – Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 6 Note 3 – Note 4 – Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 7 Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 8 Note 5 – Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 9 Note 6 – Note 7 – Note 8 – Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 10 Note 9 – Note 10 – Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 11 Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 12 

Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Item and other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (“Form 10-Q”) contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. For example, statements in this Form 10-Q regarding the potential future impact of macroeconomic conditions and tariffs and other measures on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, in each case under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the 2024 Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. Available Information The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance, and details related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-Q is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Business Seasonality and Product Introductions The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. The timing of product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction. During the third quarter of 2025, the Company announced iOS 26, macOS ® Tahoe 26, iPadOS ® 26, watchOS ® 26, visionOS ® 26 and tvOS ® 26. Macroeconomic Conditions Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 13 Tariffs and Other Measures Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new tariffs were announced on imports to the U.S. (“U.S. Tariffs”), including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the European Union (“EU”), among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. Tariffs and other measures that are applied to the Company’s products or their components can have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including impacting the Company’s supply chain, the availability of rare earths and other raw materials and components, pricing and gross margin. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. Trade and other international disputes can have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Segment Operating Performance The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for the three- and nine-month periods ended June 28, 2025 and June 29, 2024 (dollars in millions): Americas Americas net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of iPhone and Services. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on Americas net sales during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025. Europe Europe net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of Services and iPhone. Greater China Greater China net sales increased during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the third quarter of 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of iPhone and Mac. Greater China net sales decreased during the first nine months of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due to lower net sales of iPhone, partially offset by higher net sales of Mac. Japan Japan net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of iPhone and Services. The strength in the yen relative to the U.S. dollar had a favorable year-over-year impact on Japan net sales during the third quarter of 2025. Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of Asia Pacific net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of Services and iPhone. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 14 Products and Services Performance The following table shows net sales by category for the three- and nine-month periods ended June 28, 2025 and June 29, 2024 (dollars in millions): iPhone iPhone net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due to higher net sales of Pro models. Mac Mac net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due to higher net sales of both laptops and desktops. iPad iPad net sales decreased during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the third quarter of 2024 due to lower net sales of iPad Pro ® , partially offset by higher net sales of all other iPad models. iPad net sales increased during the first nine months of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of iPad Air ® . Wearables, Home and Accessories Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales decreased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to lower net sales of Wearables and Accessories. Services Services net sales increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales from advertising, the App Store ® and cloud services. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 15 Gross Margin Products and Services gross margin and gross margin percentage for the three- and nine-month periods ended June 28, 2025 and June 29, 2024, were as follows (dollars in millions): Products Gross Margin Products gross margin increased during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the third quarter of 2024 due primarily to a different mix of products and favorable costs, partially offset by tariffs. Products gross margin increased during the first nine months of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due primarily to favorable costs and a different mix of products, partially offset by tariffs and the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Products gross margin percentage decreased during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the third quarter of 2024 due primarily to tariffs and a different mix of products, partially offset by favorable costs. Products gross margin percentage decreased during the first nine months of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due primarily to a different mix of products and tariffs, partially offset by favorable costs. Services Gross Margin Services gross margin increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher Services net sales and a different mix of services. Services gross margin percentage increased during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to a different mix of services, partially offset by higher costs. The Company’s future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, in each case under the heading “Risk Factors.” As a result, the Company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 16 Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the three- and nine-month periods ended June 28, 2025 and June 29, 2024, were as follows (dollars in millions): Research and Development The growth in research and development (“R&D”) expense during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses and infrastructure-related costs. Selling, General and Administrative The growth in selling, general and administrative expense during the third quarter and first nine months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses and variable selling expenses. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for the three- and nine-month periods ended June 28, 2025 and June 29, 2024, were as follows (dollars in millions): The Company’s effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2025 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, the impact of the U.S. federal R&D credit, and tax benefits from share-based compensation, partially offset by state income taxes. The Company’s effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2025 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, including the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, tax benefits from share-based compensation, and the impact of the U.S. federal R&D credit, partially offset by state income taxes. The Company’s effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2025 was higher compared to the third quarter of 2024 due primarily to the impact from foreign currency revaluations of unrecognized tax benefits. The Company’s effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2025 was lower compared to the same period in 2024 due primarily to the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 17 Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. The Company’s contractual cash requirements have not changed materially since the 2024 Form 10-K, except for manufacturing purchase obligations and the State Aid Decision tax payable. Manufacturing Purchase Obligations The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. As of June 28, 2025, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $44.1 billion, with $43.8 billion payable within 12 months. State Aid Decision Tax Payable During the first nine months of 2025, the Company released from escrow €14.2 billion, or $15.4 billion, to Ireland in connection with the State Aid Decision, which fully settled the obligation. Capital Return Program In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has authorized share repurchase programs. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. As of June 28, 2025, the Company’s quarterly cash dividend was $0.26 per share. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. During the third quarter of 2025, the Company repurchased $21.0 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $3.9 billion. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”) and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-01, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date , which clarified the effective date of ASU 2024-03. ASU 2024-03 will require the Company to disclose the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization, as applicable, included in certain expense captions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as qualitatively describe remaining amounts included in those captions. ASU 2024-03 will also require the Company to disclose both the amount and the Company’s definition of selling expenses. The Company will adopt ASU 2024-03 in its fourth quarter of 2028 using a prospective transition method. Income Taxes In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”), which will require the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 will also require the Company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-09 in its fourth quarter of 2026 using a prospective transition method. Segment Reporting In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”), which will require the Company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”). In addition, ASU 2023-07 will require the Company to disclose the title and position of its CODM and how the CODM uses segment profit or loss information in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-07 in its fourth quarter of 2025 using a retrospective transition method. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 18 Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2024 Form 10-K describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to the Company’s critical accounting estimates since the 2024 Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk There have been no material changes to the Company’s market risk during the first nine months of 2025. For a discussion of the Company’s exposure to market risk, refer to the Company’s market risk disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” of the 2024 Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of June 28, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of 2025, which were identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 19 PART II — OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings Digital Markets Act Investigations On March 25, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened a formal noncompliance investigation against the Company under Article 5(4) of the EU Digital Markets Act (the “DMA”) (the “Article 5(4) Investigation”). The Article 5(4) Investigation relates to how developers may communicate and promote offers to end users for apps distributed through the App Store, as well as how developers may conclude contracts with those end users. On June 24, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened an additional formal investigation against the Company regarding whether the Company’s new contractual requirements for third-party app developers and app marketplaces may violate the DMA (the “Article 6(4) Investigation”). On April 23, 2025, the Commission fined the Company €500 million in the Article 5(4) Investigation and issued a cease and desist order requiring the Company to remove technical and commercial restrictions that prevent developers from steering users to alternative distribution channels outside the App Store. The Company has appealed the Commission’s Article 5(4) decision. Also on April 23, 2025, the Commission issued preliminary findings in the Article 6(4) Investigation. If the Commission makes a final determination in the Article 6(4) Investigation that there has been a violation, it can issue a cease and desist order and may impose fines up to 10% of the Company’s annual worldwide net sales. The Commission may also seek to impose additional fines if it deems that the Company has violated a cease and desist order. The Company believes that it complies with the DMA and has continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the Commission. Department of Justice Lawsuit On March 21, 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) and a number of state and district attorneys general filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against the Company alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for “performance smartphones” and “smartphones” in violation of U.S. antitrust laws. The DOJ is seeking equitable relief to redress the alleged anticompetitive behavior. In addition, various civil litigation matters have been filed in state and federal courts in the U.S. alleging similar violations of U.S. antitrust laws and seeking monetary damages and other nonmonetary relief. The Company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself. Epic Games Epic Games, Inc. (“Epic”) filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the “California District Court”) against the Company alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws and California’s unfair competition law based upon the Company’s operation of its App Store. The California District Court found that certain provisions of the Company’s App Review Guidelines violate California’s unfair competition law and issued an injunction (the “2021 Injunction”) enjoining the Company from prohibiting developers from including in their apps buttons, external links, or other calls to action that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than the Company’s in-app purchase system. The 2021 Injunction applies to apps on the U.S. storefronts of the iOS and iPadOS ® App Stores. On January 16, 2024, the Company implemented a plan to comply with the 2021 Injunction and filed a statement of compliance with the California District Court. On September 30, 2024, the Company filed a motion with the California District Court to narrow or vacate the 2021 Injunction. On April 30, 2025, the California District Court found the Company to be in violation of the 2021 Injunction and enjoined the Company from imposing any commission or any fee on purchases that consumers make outside an app; restricting, conditioning, limiting, or prohibiting how developers guide consumers to purchases outside an app; or otherwise interfering with a consumer’s choice to proceed in or out of an app. The California District Court also denied the Company’s motion to narrow or vacate the 2021 Injunction and referred the Company to the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of California for a determination whether criminal contempt proceedings are appropriate. The Company will continue to vigorously defend its actions and employees, and has appealed the California District Court’s most recent decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (the “Ninth Circuit Court”). Although the Company’s request to stay the decision pending appeal was denied, the Ninth Circuit Court has agreed to consider the Company’s appeal on an expedited basis, with arguments scheduled for October 2025. Other Legal Proceedings The Company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The Company settled certain matters during the third quarter of 2025 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 20 

Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A of the Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended December 28, 2024 (the “first quarter 2025 Form 10-Q”) and March 29, 2025 (the “second quarter 2025 Form 10-Q”), in each case under the heading “Risk Factors.” When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected. Except for the risk factors disclosed in Part II, Item 1A of the first quarter 2025 Form 10-Q and the second quarter 2025 Form 10-Q , which are hereby incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors since the 2024 Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers Share repurchase activity during the three months ended June 28, 2025, was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts): (1) On May 2, 2024, the Company announced a program to repurchase up to $110 billion of the Company’s common stock. As of June 28, 2025, remaining availability under the May 2024 program was $19.8 billion. On May 1, 2025, the Company announced an additional program to repurchase up to $100 billion of the Company’s common stock. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. Under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 21 

Item 6. Exhibits * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 22 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Apple Inc. | Q3 2025 Form 10-Q | 23